Add more details on the mitochondrial gene list (#252)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: README.md

1. A local installation of Snakemake and either R or conda (see more on this in the ["how to install the core downstream analyses workflow" section](#how-to-install-the-core-downstream-analyses-workflow))
2. Single-cell gene expression data stored as `SingleCellExperiment` objects stored as RDS files (see more on this in the ["Input data format" section](#input-data-format))
3. A project metadata tab-separated value (TSV) file containing relevant information about your data necessary for processing (see more on this in the ["Metadata file format" section](#metadata-file-format) and an example of this metadata file [here](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses/blob/main/project-metadata/example-library-metadata.tsv))

> 4. A mitochondrial gene list as a text file with a list of mitochondrial genes found in the reference transcriptome used for alignment. Within this file, each row must contain a unique gene identifier corresponding to a mitochondrial gene found in the reference genome used for alignment (see more on this in the ["Running the workflow" section](#running-the-workflow)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. A mitochondrial gene list as a text file with a list of mitochondrial genes found in the reference transcriptome used for alignment. 
Within this file, each row must contain a unique gene identifier corresponding to a mitochondrial gene found in the reference genome used for alignment (see more on this in the ["Running the workflow" section](#running-the-workflow)).
```
One sentence per line

|------------------|-------------|
| `results_dir` | relative path to the directory where output files from running the core workflow will be stored |
| `project_metadata` | relative path to your specific project metadata TSV file |

> | `mito_file` | full path to a file containing a list of mitochondrial genes specific to the genome or transcriptome version used for alignment. By default, the workflow will use the mitochondrial gene list obtained from Ensembl version 104 which can be found in the `reference-files` directory. **Note** that the provided mithochondrial gene list is compatible with the example datasets we processed and provided using [`scpca-nf`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf#scpca-nf). You may need to generate a new mitochondrial gene list for other data obtained from `scpca-nf` based on the reference used for alignment. To find reference version associated with other data from `scpca-nf`, you will want to look at the `assembly` column of the metadata file associated with that library. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mito_file` | full path to a file containing a list of mitochondrial genes specific to the reference genome or transcriptome version used for alignment. By default, the workflow will use the mitochondrial gene list obtained from Ensembl version 104 of the Human transcriptome which can be found in the [`reference-files` directory](./reference-files). 
**Note**The default mithochondrial gene list is compatible with any libraries aligned to the Ensembl version 104 of the Human transcriptome.
For all datasets downloaded from the [ScPCA Portal](https://scpca.alexslemonade.org/), the Ensembl version used can be found by looking at the `assembly` column of the `metadata.json` file associated with that library.
You should not need to change this parameter unless your dataset has been aligned to a different reference.  |
```
I think we want to be a little more detailed here. Generally people should not need to change this default if they are downloading data from the portal, so the main point is that we need to tell them how to find the assembly version from the portal and then tell them what the default version is. On our side if we add another version of ensembl to the reference index for `scpca-nf` we should be sure to include that here so users don't have to make their own if they are downloading data from `scpca-nf`. However, if they are trying to use other data, then they would have to create their own. We probably want to add one more additional sentence stating that if needing to use your own you will need to just grab all possible mitochondrial genes from the reference transcriptome and create a text file with one gene per line.

Author: Thanks for the review @allyhawkins! I've implemented your suggestions here and took a lot of this wording out of the table as it was getting a little lengthy for the table. Let me know what you think now!
